funhouse is sponsored by expressvpn
don't let those nasty hackers steal any
of your financial details nose here data
at expressvpn comm at a / fun house this
is my first time playing this get
literally booted it up for the first
time in the tutorial this morning if we
can win a match that'd be really good
for me but if we don't win that means
you can keep playing it what are you
actually also predict I'm already
dropping in where am I going
remember the good old days when lobbies
used to be places where you'd punch at
people and not get killed down in the
gulag we're kind of in a thing here
we're pretty close it looks like there's
a thousand people that are getting down
there first I'm not going over to the
right or the right to this gas station
right you said right and I went left cuz
I'm very bad at left right that's my bad
I went huh any gas station I've got a
gun
I got armor yeah but I have this cool
rent a cage do you do and that thing
hits like a truck but boy you're gonna
have to rip down for that recoil believe
how much that scared me like like worse
jump scare than mostly my owner is
terrifying
oh he's right there right there behind
me
okay he's dead that was a really bad
spot to jump over yeah he was right
there I was getting sent to the Gulag so
she wins her love 1v1 and she gets to
come back whatever is happening to you
which I don't know what it is oh I did
it I got it you guys did you beat him we
won that Google yeah I can't believe her
winning Alana can you turn around and
see me yeah terrible is what it looks
like it looks like a video game witching
music already picked up the gun is
someone who knows what to do with this
want to come get this wrong oh this guy
right there right behind us
you just watching over here over here
nice assist countless kills right and
assists are when I scream okay we're
gonna circle this way and try and do it
fast but that scheme is up there go a
little guy oh I have to control this
[__] oh god oh yeah you have a drone
well no you doing great you're doing
great
I found him he's right there he's right
there right there he's come around a spa
I cracked this field there's another guy
right there
I feel like I am very exposed while this
is not easy to get all right help us
time to get it all right
that's great
don't love that oh hey you got a rocket
launcher alright one guys down oh I
don't even know what happened
so proud of them watching you watch you
I'm so proud here Oh - were down that
would have been it
oh he's here yeah he's right he's right
around the others right there
get up he's dead nice if you if you
finish this is still chances of W on
that doesn't look good not confident
why is done this oh I see Oh Oh buddy Oh
buddy he's got it he's doing it
nope not anymore I'm dead fantastic was
a mistake yeah team finches 21 don't
take that do one more battle royale then
we try blood money maybe yeah do you
think that as your because everyone's
flying in on that plane right yeah like
do you think anyone like has a
conversation with someone and then it's
like all right I'm gonna get jump out
trying to kill you hey yo Fredo look
over here good oh hey whoa hey look
tactical that's see you I try I just
missed the murder I saw it all go down I
will testify in court in court like a
James Bond trailer James Bond movie with
you know the court battle everyone's
favorite legal let die there are people
why have you done that why have you put
it somewhere with a table you have to
lie to Ilana about that sort of you
gotta tell her there's nobody better
what a job are you Jason Bourne I didn't
even know there was a roof there I just
saw it yes movie name on the recon drone
again oh that's that's your thing it's
recon I only fly propeller based things
copter up there up top is that a big red
cloud of death coming sure oh right just
like he's I got shot in the back
Eunice is it time for drone let's go
Bucky Bucky come to me yep
badass I feel like I should go go
whoa
who you are it's perfect timing
oh no no no I'm still worried I see some
Oh shots on me gas coming in from over
there get out of here you ready to leave
you over the wall every single time I
just go what does kill me what's that
that's why that's my catchphrase
what just killed me I mean we could
fight these guys if they're fighting
somebody else and get their [__] go just
survive live oh my god where did that
come from down make it his vehicle up
guys
I've got his gun now I'm gonna take his
[Applause]
get the car with you in Alfredo's
defense that's really funny to see in
Aero form where it's just an arrow
driving away from another arrow you go
across the tube I'm gonna try I'm gonna
try right that's the right way all you
guys this doesn't look right
how do we get through how do we get
through I'm down I think I found out how
to get through though oh sweet sweet
death not again
we meet it kids at least I died in a
fire fight I think if I just heard from
the gap what an end eighth place we just
keep getting better we play this for
over 100 times we'll be in second so
that we're just trying to lace to a
million possible cash someone kills you
then they take a piece your money whoa
there gonna be a race for the chopper
behind oh I need find some cash I'm
thirsty for it no those are toy child's
toy blocks they're cashed in the
dumpsters no but there's food Twinkies
in here vehicle
I will wait I will wait hello we're
gonna get a lot of fat cast all right
oh what'd you say to me you can ditch me
mister
he says incoming sweet car-chase we saw
in the trailer is what we did guys we
just need a helicopter hot damn
helicopter okay I'm gonna throw this
down we deposit some cash cash in we're
in sixth place words oh there's there's
a car
we just got blown this oh my god they're
sorry people they're all right
there's still that other team over there
I'm surprised we didn't just kill
someone yeah oh we just ran me over
hey self revived so I guess it's another
good I hear ya times not giving up first
place good you got it first place just
got a lot of money I see the ticking up
more and more someone wants to pick me
up alright now we spawned we live again
your helicopters just looking for the
trailer
you have [__] - that's the thing you
create by us dying we create openings
for Alfredo design okay okay okay he's
across the way we hurts
I have $218,000 me baby boy oh honey
baby boy I'm stuck like a piggy nose
baby boy he's dead
team wipe take the cash oh my god were
to third place now that's a lot of money
- let's kill it here there's giant bags
of cash flying off your potty just so
you know
Oh Ilana's over there getting shot all
right I'm gonna go get into I'm
following Alfredo he's got cash in my
light I have no idea how to get up there
how do we get up there I don't know if I
get up there I'm not gonna lie
let's trap get up Oh flashbangs how
would I even turn around see them well
there's behind us look forward to me
sliding my ass in this house
yeah that's a pretty even distribution
of cash there and kills yeah I just
wanted to feel like a winner and I with
all that cash I feel like a winner and I
gave I made a friend on that airplane
wherever they are
[Music]
[Laughter]
okay Dale I did nothing it had no effect
on me okay so this is we got an
interesting situation here
the game is glitz in a way that you
can't die but you can't see there's a
guy behind you